[Autogenerated] Now we've seen some examples of hybrid network architectures.
Let's talk a little bit more about site site VPN.
Fundamentally a site site, VPN is a ruby connection between network devices.
These devices route traffic to each other over the public.
Internet traffic that traverse is a sight sight.
VPN is encrypted, endpoints,
authenticated and integrity checks performed on the
Pakistanis sent to create a site site, VPN,
where the white choice of protocols that we can use the
main protocol used and breasts his i p.
___.
When working with the pens, they're digress.
The first option we have is to deploy a customer,
manage the pen accustom, manage VPN in Ada grass involved.
You're deploying easy to machines.
They're based on Eva, one of your customized am eyes All the market place am I?
These customized 82 machines will then act as a veep in termination point,
the traffic coming from on premise because these type of VPN,
because we managed,
is the customers responsibility to provide high
availability if they're VPN service and to make sure the
easy to machines provide VPN service, stay up.
The second option is to use an aide West manage 3
p.m. With an air US manage VPN, we deploy a due west manage gateways.
At this point, a device is responsible for the high availability.
I'm maintenance of those gateways on.
We use a VPN connection component to collect those gateways to one premise.
Today, our thought process should be.
Let's use the address,
manage components unless they don't meet our particular needs.
Glove Mannix have several captivity scenarios they would like us to look at.
In the first scenario, they have applications deployed to a tigress on customers.
Collect these applications using public I p addresses.
In the second scenario,
Globe Mannix has business applications deployed to address
that only access by Globe Mannix employees.
In this third scenario,
Globe Mannix has on premise deployed applications using
Amazon s three for remote storage.
Have a think about those three scenarios.
Which of these three globe manic scenarios were benefit from a site site VPN.
If you need to this point,
rewind the video and have a look at those snappers again are pause the video.
Why have a little think off the three globe manic scenarios?
Is the business application deployed toward a grass access by glow?
Monix employees would most benefit from a site site VPN.
That way,
the employees working at Globe Max locations will be a connecting line
of its application securely through the Internet.
At the time of writing this calls site site VP ends cannot be used
to directly access at ST on the application.
Access by our customers is using public I P addresses so doesn't acquire a site site, VPN.